This is an experimental HTML rendering tool for OpenControl (http://opencontrol.xyz).

It attempts to parse opencontrol YAML files, load dependencies recursively and sort these into a structure for one project which is easy to browse.

There is a static example of the output of this tool at: https://codethinklabs.github.io/opencontrol-viewer/

This is meant to be a lightweight tool to help introduce people to OpenControl. The Compliance Masonry tool is a more mature tool which should be used when producing real compliance documents. It can be found at https://github.com/opencontrol/compliance-masonry.

# Status

This tool is experimental and you should expect some functionality to be incomplete or incorrect.

# Requirements

* Bottle framework (apt-get python-bottle)
* Python YAML library (apt-get python-yaml)

# Operation

Run ```./render.py <dir>``` where ```<dir>``` is a directory containing an OpenControl project, that is, one which contains an opencontrol.yaml file.

To obtain a simple example OpenControl project, clone this repository:

    git clone https://github.com/opencontrol/freedonia-compliance.git

For a more involved one:

    git clone git@github.com:18F/cg-compliance.git

This tool will clone any repositories references in the given project into temporary directoties. If you have a directory called "~/gitcache", then remote git repositories will be fetched there instead. If you specify "--nofetch", then it will not attempt to fetch updates for cached git repositories and will just use the cached version. This greatly decreases the startup time, and is useful for testing.
